okay good hi this is Mercedes here with
my review of a product that I can
definitely say is genuine cult classic
when it comes to makeup and that is
Clinique's black honey almost lipstick
now you might be wondering what's so big
about a deal about black honey well you
can see it's a very dark color a little
bit intimidating in the tube I have to
admit but this is Clinique
number one selling shade and that's been
the case for years and years in fact
black honey has been around for a few
decades so it's actually a really
popular product now you might be
wondering what's the big deal I think
and it's kind of hard to tell exactly
100% what makes a product become a cult
classic but this is a true lipstick balm
hybrid and of course those are
everywhere you can find them these days
anywhere drugstore department store but
this came along at a time when lipstick
balm hybrids weren't so common so it was
almost the first of its kind and this
shade black honey is one of those shades
you hear it all the time but it's truly
almost a universal product I'm wearing
it right now I think it looks very
attractive it works on the fairest skin
tones to even medium and dark skin tones
it's such an easy a lipstick to use its
sheer but you can build it up it's
lightweight it feels moisturizing and
it's in this tube where you can just
kind of have it in your purse swipe it
on really quickly not have to worry
about precision application because it
is sheer and just kind of go it's one of
those things that when you hear those
all-purpose products the ones that
ladies have in their makeup bags all the
time no matter what their mascara and
this it really is a great product
in fact interesting fact I found out the
other day when I went to the Clinique
counter they used to have almost
lipsticks in a variety of shades
Clinique's actually discontinued every
single shade of almost lipstick except
this one mainly because the
representative told me there would be
riots in the street if they discontinued
black honey so that is another test
it to this product staying power it's
definitely a good one if you're
interested I'd say definitely pick it up
now if you like this content and to see
more like it
just click subscribe thanks for watching